Xiaohong's family lives on the 7th floor. She spends 9 seconds walking from the first floor to the second floor. If the number of steps on each floor is the same, can she walk from the first floor to the home in one minute at this speed?
A circular square is 250 meters long. Teacher Wan walked 4 times. How many kilometers did he walk?
There can be 9 people in a small passenger car. The number of people in a large passenger car is five times that of a small passenger car. How many people can take a large passenger car?
The squirrel has 4 balloons. The bear has four times as many balloons as the squirrel. How many balloons does the bear have?
The squirrel has 4 balloons. The number of balloons for the bear is 4 times that of yours. After the bear and the squirrel each break a balloon, how many times is the number of balloons for the bear?
Uncle Wang's family had a good harvest, and a total of 900 were harvested. The first shipment was 285, and the second shipment was 48 more than the first. How many cabbages were removed the second time?
The uncle Wang's family had a good harvest, and a total of 900 were harvested. The first shipment was 285, and the second shipment was 48 more than the first. How many cabbages were not removed?
Uncle Zhang bought two half-price air tickets to Shenzhen. After the discount, each ticket was 200 yuan. How much did Uncle Zhang spend?
Afforestation can not only beautify the environment, purify the air, but also reduce noise, maintain ecological balance, protect against wind and sand, and inhibit soil erosion. Sunshine Primary School planted 212 trees last year. This year's tree planting is 4 times that of last year. How many trees will Sunshine Primary School plant this year?
Dad, mom and Yiyi are going to travel by long-distance bus. The fare for the round-trip ticket is the same. The one-way ticket is 119 yuan. How much does it cost to buy a round-trip ticket?
3 teapots can pour 18 cups， how many cups can 8 teapots pour?
3 teapots can pour 18 cups. There are 30 guests. Each person pours a cup of tea. How many teapots are needed in total?
Cut a piece of large rectangular cardboard with a length of 24 decimeters and a width of 16 decimeters into 4 small rectangular cardboards of the same size. What is the decimeter of each small rectangle?
Mother bought a box of calcium tablets for Xiaohong. The instructions read: Product Name: Calcium Tablets; Net Content: 0.5 g × 120 tablets; Dosage: 2 times a day, 1 to 2 grams each time. According to the instructions,  How many days can this box of calcium tablets be eaten at least?
Someone went to the eighth floor of the ten-floors building . Accidentally it losts power and the elevator stops. If you walk from the first floor to the fourth floor, it takes 48 seconds. How many seconds does it take to go from the fourth floor to the eighth floor at the same speed?
Wang Tao sat in the car and looked at the lampposts outside. It took a total of 30 seconds from the first lampposts to the 16th lampposts. If the speed of the car is 72 km / h, how many meters are between the two lampposts? (The distance between every two street light poles is equal)
There is a round flower bed, and a circle around it is 114 meters. If you plant a rose flower every 6 meters along the flower bed, how many roses can be planted?
The maximum speed of a hare can reach 45 kilometers per hour, and the maximum speed of a deer can reach 50.4 kilometers per hour. How many times is the maximum speed of a deer faster than that of a hare?
The average number of A and B is 38.5. The sum of the two numbers divided by C is 0.35. What is the C number?
There are five major freshwater lakes in China, of which Poyang Lake is the largest, with an area of 2 933 square kilometers, and Chaohu is the fifth largest, with an area of 770 square kilometers. Poyang Lake is about several times the size of Chaohu?
The Yuanyuan family orders 30 bags of fresh milk and pays a total of 76.5 yuan at the wholesale price. So how much is each bag of fresh milk cheaper than the retail price?
Xiao Tong bought a toothpaste with a net content of 140 grams. She brushed her teeth every morning and evening, and used 1.25 grams of toothpaste everytime. Do you know how many days this toothpaste Xiaotong can be used?
Father is 175 centimeters tall, Xiaoming is 21 centimeters shorter than father.What is the height of Xiaoming?
A building is 29.2 meters high. The first floor is ready to open a store. The floor is 4 meters high. The upper 9 floors are houses. How many meters are each floor of the house?
There are 120 pine trees and banyan trees in a botanical garden. It is known that the number of pine trees is twice the number of banyan trees. How many are each a banyan tree and a pine tree?
There are 480 cocks and hens on the farm. There are 30 more hens than twice as many cocks. How many cocks and hens does this farm have?
The population of Asia is about 3.9 billion, which is 400 million more than five times the population of Europe.
A rectangular frame nailed by a wooden bar is 28 cm in length and 15 cm in width. After stretching it into a parallelogram, the area is reduced by 56 square centimeters. What is the height of the parallelogram?
A parallelogram vegetable plot with a length of 16 meters at the bottom and half the height. What is the area of ​​the plot?
There is a parallelogram melon field with a base length of 43 meters and a height of 28 meters. If 9 melon seedlings are planted per square meter, how many can be planted on this field?
There is a parallelogram steel plate with a base length of 5 meters and a height of 3.6 meters. If this steel plate weighs 39 kilograms per square meter, how many kilograms does this steel plate weigh?
A parallelogram corn field with a base length of 30 meters and a height of 24 meters. A total of 756 kilograms of corn were collected. How many kilograms of corn per square meter?
A circular fishpond is 200 meters long. Now 25 poplars are planted around the pond. Can we plant them every few meters?
A pole is erected every 16 meters on a highway, excluding 54 poles shared at both ends of the road. How long is the total length of the road?
Xiaoming asked Grandpa to come up with an interesting question. Grandpa read to him a smooth walk: spring by the lake is very beautiful, apricot tree and a peach, three kilometers around Pinghu, six meters each planted, strolling along the lakeside, Do you know how many peach apricots each? Can you figure it out for me?
Xiaoying climbs 78 steps every day after going home from school. If Xiaoying's house has 13 steps between each floor, do you know how many floors her house lives in? 
Xiaoying climbs 78 steps every day after going home from school.Xiaoying walks 52 steps down from home to play with her good friend Xiaohong. Do you know how many floors Xiaohong lives in?
Pioneer Elementary School has a small playground with a length of 60 meters and a width of 40 meters. A tree is planted at each of the four vertices, one every 10 meters on the long side and one every 8 meters on the wide side. How many trees?
Lvhe Vegetable Base harvested 300 boxes of tomatoes and 260 boxes of cucumbers. A truck can transport 45 boxes at a time. How many times can this truck transport all the vegetables? How many boxes did the last car carry?
How many meters does a submarine rise from 27 meters below sea level to 18 meters below sea level?
Dongguan school planted trees, cypress, poplar, and evergreen planted 167 each, how many trees were planted?
A car travels 177 kilometers in 3 hours. At this speed, how many kilometers can it travel in 9 hours?
The speed of sound is 340 meters per second. How many meters can sound travel in a minute?
When aunt Zhang's chicken farm collects eggs, they must first put the eggs on a tray and then box them. One tray can hold 24 eggs. Today, 230 eggs are received. How many trays are needed for eggs received today？
Students climb the mountain. They walk 2.4 kilometers per hour up the mountain and reach the top of the mountain in 3.6 hours. The speed of going down the mountain is 1.2 times that of going up the mountain. How many hours does it take to go down the mountain?
Xiao Ming and his father go to the zoo on Sunday. The student ticket price is half of the adult ticket price. Xiao Ming pays 20 yuan, which is still 2.5 yuan less. How much is each adult ticket and student ticket?
The charge standard of telephone in a city: 0.3 yuan in 3 minutes, 0.15 yuan per minute for the excess part, and 1 minute for less than 1 minute.
Use wire to make a square frame with an edge of 10 cm,how many centimeters of wire do you need at least?
If you paste a layer of paper on the outside of the square frame, how many square centimeters of hard paper do you need at least?
A cuboid is made up of three cubes with an edge length of 3cm, how many square centimeters is the surface area of the cuboid less than the sum of the original three cubes? ​
A bus and a car run face to face from 598 kilometers away, 40 kilometers per hour for buses and 52 kilometers per hour for cars. How many hours later are the two cars 138 kilometers apart?
There are some new billboards installed every 4 meters on one side of a road. Because one of them is a pier, they are not installed. Xiao Lan counted 42 billboards from the beginning to the end. How long is the road?
Paint the inside and outside of a square wooden box with an edge of 1.5m. What is the area of painting? (thickness of wooden box ignored)
Build a 2-meter-wide stone road around a 16 meter diameter circular pool. What is the area of the stone road?
From a 10 cm long and 8 cm wide rectangular lens, cut the next round lens with a circumference of 25.12 cm. How many square centimeters is the rest?
Xiao Ming measures the diameter of a big tree trunk. He uses a 20 meter long rope to circle the tree three times and there are still 11.6 meters left. Can you work out the diameter of the big tree? (keep one decimal place for the result)
There is a 250 meter diameter circular square in the center of a city. A flagpole is erected every 5 meters around the square.How many flagpoles will be erected in all?
The mixture of lime, sulfur and water is 1:2:10 to produce pesticide.How many kilograms of lime, sulfur and water are needed to prepare 416 kg of this pesticide?
The ratio of the number of boys and girls in class 6 (2) is 16:15. It is known that there are 32 boys. How many students are there in class 6 (2)?
Beibei family and Tiantian family share a faucet. There are three people in Beibei family and five in Tiantian family. Last month, the two families shared 6.4 tons of water, which is charged at 2.5 yuan per ton. How much should they share the water fee?
The Beijing Shanghai high-speed railway is about 1312km long, the EMU train is about 4 hours from Beijing to Shanghai, and the ordinary train is about 8 hours, so how many kilometers is the EMU train faster than the ordinary train per hour?
150 kilometers from Jiadi to Yidi, a car started from Jiadi and walked the whole journey \ (\ frac {4} {5} \), how many kilometers is it walked?
150 kilometers from Jiadi to Yidi, a car started from Jiadi and walked the whole journey \ (\ frac {4} {5} \), how many kilometers is it still away from Yidi?
\( \frac{ 25 }{ 4 } \)kg sugar beet can squeeze \( \frac{ 15 }{ 8 } \) kg sugar. According to this calculation:  how many kilograms of sugar beet do you need to squeeze 10kg sugar beet? 
\( \frac{ 25 }{ 4 } \)kg sugar beet can squeeze \( \frac{ 15 }{ 8 } \) kg sugar. According to this calculation: How many tons of sugar can a ton of beet squeeze?
There are three baskets of pears of the same weight. Take out  \( \frac{ 1 }{ 4 } \) of the first basket weight and \( \frac{ 2 }{ 5 } \) of the second basket weight. Take out 35 kg of the third basket weight. At this time, the remaining three baskets of pears are exactly equal to the weight of the original two pears. How many kg of each basket weight?
It will take 18 days for team A and team B to complete a project together. If team A works for 3 days and team B works for 4 days to complete the \( \frac{ 1 }{ 5 } \) times of the project, how many days will it take for team B to complete the project independently?